Add info to docs on how middlewareConfig Map is consumed (#2263)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/versioned_docs/version-0.14.0/advanced/middleware-config.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> You are able to manipulate the `middlewareConfig` `Map` here as much as you want: delete entries, add entries, ... . Or construct a completely new Map. But keep in mind that you could easily mess up how the Wasp app works, as some of the middleware is expected and required. Check above for more info on each preset middleware.
> 
> Middleware from the `middlewareConfig` `Map` will be applied in the order of `Map` entries iteration, which is the order of entry insertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the `middlewareConfig` object here as much as you want: delete entries, add entries or update entries. You can construct a completely new `middlewareConfig` object if you need to. Keep in mind that you could mess up how the Wasp app works, as some of the middleware is expected and required. Check above for more info on each default middleware.

Middleware from the `middlewareConfig` object will be applied in the order of `Map` entries iteration, which is the order of entry insertion.
```

I wanted to simplify the language a bit, take it or leave it :)
